[Music]
now it shall come to pass when all these
things come upon you the blessing and
the curse which I have set before you
and you call them to mind among all the
nations where the Lord your God drives
you and you return to the Lord your God
and obey his voice according to all that
I command you today you and your
children with all your heart and with
all your soul that the Lord your God
will bring you back from captivity and
have compassion on you and gather you
again from all the nations with the Lord
your God has scattered you if any of you
are driven out to the farthest parts
under heaven from there the Lord your
God will gather you and from there he
will bring you
then the Lord your God will bring you to
the land which your father's possessed
and you shall possess it he will prosper
you and multiply you more than your
father's and the Lord your God will
circumcise your heart and the heart of
your descendants to love the Lord your
God with all your heart and with all
your soul that you may live
also the Lord your God will put all
these curses on your enemies and on
those who hate you who persecuted you
and you will again obey the voice of the
Lord and do all his commandments which I
command you today the Lord your God will
make you abound in all the work of your
hand in the fruit of your body in the
increase of your lifestyle and in the
produce of your land for good for the
Lord will again rejoice over you for
good as he rejoiced over your father's
if you obey the voice of the Lord your
God to keep his Commandments and his
statutes which are written in this book
of the law and if you turn to the Lord
your God
with all your heart and with all your
soul for this commandment which I
command you today is not too mysterious
for you nor is it far off it is not in
heaven that you should say who will
ascend into heaven for us and bring it
to us that we may hear it and do it nor
is it beyond the sea that you should say
who will go over the sea for us and
bring it to us that we may hear it and
do it but the word is very near you in
your mouth
and in your heart that you may do it
see I have set before you today life and
good death and evil in that I command
you today to love the Lord your God to
walk in his ways and to keep his
commandments his statutes and his
judgments that you may live and multiply
and the Lord your God will bless you in
the land which you go to possess
but if your heart turns away so that you
do not hear and are drawn away and
worship other gods and serve them I
announce to you today that you shall
surely perish
you shall not prolong your days in the
land which you cross over the Jordan to
go in and possess I call heaven and
earth as witnesses today against you
that I have set before you life and
death blessing and cursing therefore
choose life that both you and your
descendants may live that you may love
the Lord your God that you may obey his
voice and that you may cling to him for
he is your life and the length of your
days
and that you may dwell in the land which
the Lord swore to your father's to
Abraham Isaac and Jacob to give them